Advantages Of AngularJS.
-
1. AngularJS Supports the "Two Way Data Binding".
    - Automatic Data Synchronization Between "Model and View" with the SuperVision
      Of Controller Called as Two Way data binding.


     -Two way Data Binding Reduces the Burden On the Server.


In the Above Diagram we have following http server Requests.
-

1. http - get request
    - used to fetch the data from database.

2. http - delete request
      - used to delete a particular record from the database.

3. Ajax Call
      - used to Sync the Data Between Model (DataBase) and View (HTML).

    - As a Programming languages developer (Java, dot net, Php...), we must make the
      above all requests to meet application requirement.

    - As a AngularJS / Angular2 Developer we can make only two calls to meet application
      requirement.

    - Two way Data Binding  Eliminates the "Making the 3rd Server Hit(Ajax call)"


2. As a Angular Developer We Can Directly work with the HTML DOM.

    - DOM Stands for Document Object Model.

 Ex.
     Copy the Data From One Div to Another Div by using HTML&JavaScript.

    [Note . As a HTML & JavaScript Developer we can dependent on JavaScript to
            work with Document Object Model]


 Ex.
    Copy the Data From One Div to Another Div Bu using AngularJS.

    [Note. As a Angular Developer we can work with the HTML DOM By using Angular
           Directives

           Ex.

            ng-app

            ng-model

            ng-bind ]


3. By using AngularJS , we can reduce the Burden on the Server.

    - As a "AngularJS / Angular2" Developer we can implement the Business Components
      at client side , automatically burden will be reduced on server.


4. By using AngularJS , we Can Develop Single Page Applications.

      - Loading the Target Webpage to Source Webpage without refreshing the
        whole webpage called as "Single Page Application".


5. Angular Applications are Cross Browser Compatable Applications.

    "AngularJS / Angular2" Application Can Run in all the Browsers, without adding the
     additional plugins except IE.

     AngularJS / Angular2 Applications will run in latest version of IE.


6. Open Source Code.
    - As a Developer we can Customize the Framework accroding to
      application requirement.


Disadvantages Of AngularJS
-
1. By using AngularJS , we are missing the Secuirity.

2. We Must Enable the JavaScript in Browser, then only Angular Applications will
   be executed.

3. understanding the Angular Applications are Difficult , because of lack of coding standards.

bower.
-
    - bower is the automation tool used to download the required resources
      to develop web application.

    - bower is the automation tool given by the NodeJS.

bower components
-
1.bower.json
2. .bowerrc

bower.json
-
    - used to write the required dependencies to develop the Web Applications.

.bowerrc
-
    - used to indicate the path for resources downloading by bower.
bower.json
-
{
    "name":"nareshit",
    "dependencies":{
        "bootstrap":"~3.3.6",
        "angular":"~1.6.0"
    }
}
.bowerrc
-
{
    "directory":"bower_components"
}


- we can execute the bower files by using folowing nodejs command.

>bower install

    - when ever we run the bower , automatically "GitHub" will download the Required
      softwares to develop web application.
































































